📝(project) refacto documentation for Ralph V4 (#492)
openfun/ralph: docs/index.md

Author: For me, Getting started and Ralph should not be the same. Readme would be accessed from readers that are more enclined to develop, where as the doc could be used to a broader population, not only developers. WDYT ?

</p>

<p align="center">
<a href="https://circleci.com/gh/openfun/ralph/tree/master">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/circleci/build/gh/openfun/ralph/master?label=Tests&logo=circleci" alt="CircleCI tests">
</a>
<a href="https://pypi.org/project/ralph-malph">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/ralph-malph?label=PyPi+package" alt="PyPi version">
</a>
<a href="https://pypi.org/project/ralph-malph">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/ralph-malph?label=Python" alt="Python versions">
</a>
<a href="https://hub.docker.com/r/fundocker/ralph/tags">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/docker/v/fundocker/ralph/latest?label=Docker+image" alt="Docker image version">
</a>
</p>

Ralph is a toolbox for your learning analytics, it can be used as a:

- **[LRS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Learning_Record_Store)**, a HTTP API server to collect xAPI statements (learning events), following the [ADL LRS standard](https://github.com/adlnet/xAPI-Spec/blob/master/xAPI-Communication.md#partthree)
- **command-line interface** (CLI), to build data pipelines the UNIX-way™️,
- **library**, to fetch learning events from various backends, (de)serialize or

>     convert them from various standard formats such as

Author: Updated the README too, as it is the same content used in both files.

    [xAPI](https://adlnet.gov/projects/xapi/), or
    [openedx](https://docs.openedx.org/en/latest/developers/references/internal_data_formats/tracking_logs/index.html)

## Installation

### Install from PyPI

Ralph is distributed as a standard python package; it can be installed _via_
`pip` or any other python package manager (_e.g._ Poetry, Pipenv, etc.):

???+ tip "Use a virtual environment for installation"

    To maintain a clean and controlled environment when installing `ralph-malph`, consider using a [virtual environment](https://docs.python.org/3/library/venv.html).
    
    - Create a virtual environment:
    ```bash
    python3.11 -m venv <path-to-virtual-environment>
    ```

    - Activate the virtual environment:
    ```bash
    source venv/bin/activate
    ```

If you only need to integrate [learning statement models](./models/index.md) feature in your project, you don't need to
install the `backends`, `cli` or `lrs` extra dependencies, the **core library** is what you need:

```bash
pip install ralph-malph
```

> If you want to use the [Ralph LRS server](./api/index.md), add the `lrs` flavour in your installation. What's more, you have to choose the type of backend you will use for LRS data storage (`backend-clickhouse`,`backend-es`,`backend-mongo`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use the [Ralph LRS server](./api/index.md), add the `lrs` flavour in your installation. You also have to choose the type of backend you will use for LRS data storage (`backend-clickhouse`,`backend-es`,`backend-mongo`).
```

> - Install the **core package** with the LRS and the Elasticsearch backend for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Install the **core package** with the LRS and the Elasticsearch backend. For example:
```

=== "bash"

    ```bash
    pip install ralph-malph[backend-es,lrs]
    ```

=== "zsh"

>     ```zsh
>     pip install "ralph-malph[backend-es,lrs]"
>     ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```
    ```
```
Same as above

- Add the `cli` flavour if you want to use the LRS on the command line: 

=== "bash"

    ```bash
    pip install ralph-malph[backend-es,lrs,cli]
    ```

=== "zsh"

>     ```zsh
>     pip install "ralph-malph[backend-es,lrs,cli]"
>     ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```zsh
    pip install "ralph-malph[backend-es,lrs,cli]"
    ```
```
This is a bit too detailed in my opinion.

Author: Ok, I'll remove it

If you have various uses for Ralph's features or would like to discover all the existing functionnalities, it is recommended to install the **full package**: 

=== "bash"

    ```bash
    pip install ralph-malph[backend-clickhouse,backend-es,backend-ldp,backend-lrs,backend-mongo,backend-s3,backend-swift,backend-ws,cli,lrs]
    ```

=== "zsh"

>     ```bash
>     pip install "ralph-malph[backend-clickhouse,backend-es,backend-ldp,backend-lrs,backend-mongo,backend-s3,backend-swift,backend-ws,cli,lrs]"
>     ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Same as above.

</a>
<a href="https://pypi.org/project/ralph-malph">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/ralph-malph?label=PyPi+package" alt="PyPi version">
</a>
<a href="https://pypi.org/project/ralph-malph">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/ralph-malph" alt="Python versions">
</a>
<a href="https://hub.docker.com/r/fundocker/ralph/tags">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/docker/v/fundocker/ralph/latest?label=Docker+image" alt="DockerHub">
</a>
</p>

Ralph is a toolbox for your learning analytics, it can be used as a:

- **[LRS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Learning_Record_Store)**, a HTTP API server to collect xAPI statements (learning events), following the [ADL LRS standard](https://github.com/adlnet/xAPI-Spec/blob/master/xAPI-Communication.md#partthree)
- **command-line interface** (CLI), to build data pipelines the UNIX-way™️,
- **library**, to fetch learning events from various backends, (de)serialize or
    convert them from various standard formats such as
    [xAPI](https://adlnet.gov/projects/xapi/), or
    [openedx](https://docs.openedx.org/en/latest/developers/references/internal_data_formats/tracking_logs/index.html)

> ## Supported backends

Author: Definitely

> ## Supported backends

Author: But I have removed these from the Index, it does not look to fit in this page. What I want to do in teh "Getting started, is to be catchy to motivate reader to go explore the "Features" pages. That's why I want to propose a "Start using Ralph" subsection that redirects to start exploring Ralph feature.
